The auction is divided into three regions
Peer Yunzhou Top 100 Company Chief Worth Million
B Xi Yunzhou Wangzu is worth over 100 million
And this golden throne is the wealthy of the wealthy
To receive this invitation
Han Chuan is a well-deserved dragon and phoenix among people
And the seat you are in
Is the protagonist of this auction
Holder of the exquisite pagoda
Top collectors of spirit beads
It is the benefactor who can make the miracles of India available to all lords
And you, poor man, one bad life
Turn left when you go out and go out with the dog
Yanyan Jiang Chun is right
This man is careful to please my father
If you provoke him
Even I can't save you.
Go, I'll take you somewhere else
OK
Ye Yan, stop making trouble
That one can't even provoke ghosts
Leaf rock
I'm kind to take you in
When are you going to know?
The only thing a dog has to do is listen
You still don't understand
shameful
So beautiful
Are you done?
How can you be so sure?
I am not the master of this exquisite pagoda
Not your benefactor?
What?